I was commissioned to create a new front-end for DC Jam Records (https://dcjamrecords.com/). The client had a pre-existing Wordpress site and I decided to keep WP in place as the back-end since he was already familiar with its interface. I started by creating mockups for mobile and desktop views on Figma (which you can view [here](https://www.figma.com/file/drkXFiZHK97yp6V7q9sis6/DC-Jam-Records?node-id=0%3A1) and presenting those to the client who gave his feedback. Once we were happy with the look of the site, I began to develop using Gatsby.js and Tailwind CSS. This was my first full-scale project using Tailwind (I also used it for my personal site) and I really enjoyed the development experience that Tailwind provided. After a few days the basic views of the site were complete and I was ready to begin ingesting data into to the site via graphQL. 

This was where the problems began. I used Docker to create a local instance of the WP site (my first time working with Docker) and I had a lot of first-timer bugs and issues there. Things got worse when the time came to ingest the data from the live WP site, as I was having an extremely difficult time making the site's pre-existing custom post types visible in GraphQL. Ultimatley I had no choice but to simply re-create all the site's data manually to get all of the data to register which was frustrating. 

For deployment, the current WP site was already deployed to cPanel. With the assistance of the current web host, I was able to deploy a static version of the site in the root public_html directory of cPanel. Since WP was installed in a subdirectory, /blog/, no extra configuration was needed in order to keep the WP site functioning as our backend. Eventually I would like to revisit this and redeploy the site as a node application with automatic builds after WP changes are detected as that would reduce overhead for me maintaining the site.

This project was more difficult than I expected, but rewarding. This was my first time dealing with a real client with real-world specifications and that was extremely useful experience. I also gained significant hands-on experience with GraphQL, Wordpress, Docker, and cPanel. 
